SQL Injection Exploitation
Now that we have captured a
request with the vulnerable cookie,
we can use it in Burp’s “Repeater”
to attempt a SQL injection.
First, we’ll find the request
that contained the cookie,
right click it,
and select “Send to Repeater”.
Then we’ll click on the “Repeater” tab
and view the cookie in its raw form.
Let’s take the payload
from the original exploit,
place it into the cookie,
and send the request to the server.
According to the exploit, the payload can
be inserted as the wp_sap cookie value.
The value of the cookie
variable starts after the “=” sign
and must end with a semicolon.
The exploit code mentions that the
result of the SQL injection will be placed
in the sss_params
variable within a “script” tag.
Searching for the variable in Burp should
take us to the location of the output
from the SQL injection.
We can also set Burp to
“auto-scroll” to this location
in the future
to make exploitation easier
so we don’t have to scroll
to find the output each time.
In this output, we can see the
version of the database in use.
This shows us that the SQL injection worked!
Now we know that the database used by
this WordPress instance is MariaDB
10.3.20.
Now that we know the SQL injection works,
we need to determine our next step.
While uploading a PHP shell through MariaDB
might enable us to get remote code
execution on the WordPress instance,
it could be very temperamental
and difficult
if we don’t have more
information about the system.
Let’s start with something easier
and extract the admin’s
username and password hash.
To do this, we will need to get a list of tables,
find the user’s table,
get a list of columns,
and then finally extract
the relevant information.
To get a list of table names,
we need to query the
information_schema.tables table,
for the table_name column.
Note that we have also removed the
“ALL” from the original payload.
This is to decrease the results as we
don’t care about duplicate values.
The result includes a large list of tables,
but the one that stands
out to us most is wp_users,
since it will most likely contain
the WordPress user information.
Now that we have the table name,
we can work on retrieving
its column names.
To do this, we query the column_name
column within the table
information_schema.columns,
limiting the result to those where
the table name is wp_users.
The result of our query
reveals several column names.
The most interesting to us
are user_login and user_pass
as these will most likely
contain the credentials
to authenticate to
the WordPress instance.
Next, let’s query for the username.
To do this, we need to send
a SQL injection request
asking for all user_login values,
from the wp_users table.
This query discloses only one username:
wp_ajla_admin.
Now that we have a username,
it’s time to get the password hash.
To do this, we need to replace user_login
in our query with user_pass.
As a result of our injection,
we are able to recover
the admin’s password hash.
Note the encoding at the end;
the response contains
three back-slash characters
to escape the single forward slash.
We will need to crack this hash
before we attempt to authenticate
against the web application.